How you love this playboy?
This one here bezzled out
With the Hot Boys and the Tear Da Club Up Thugs
Like this
Riding on twenties
Memphis and New Orleans we gonna show you how we do this

Y'all boys y'all boys ain't ready for this
Hot Boys Hoy Boys, them who'd tend to come clean
40 cal in my drawers runnin' from them laws
Some bubble lay in my sock, I'm hopin' that I don't fall
I'm certainly hittin' corners, hittin' gates, man this dive is gettin' tight
Leapin' tall buildings in a single bounce still I see them lights
Hear me this if I go I better go in style
But in Tennessee another warped out player-
Feel like we mess, huh? You dealin' with the wrong one
My sharper cut loose and have your brains cooked well done
Now hold up B-Geezy, what seems to be the blood clot?
Is it enough for me to go shoot up them drug spot?

Lil killa Weezay, they drug spot is interferin' with our cheezay
Get 'em out and shut that b- down
Let's ride uh-huh, we gettin' shh, red eyes, they all die, uh-oh
Them Hot Boys started ridin'
We gonna fire boy, wet 'em real good
Wave your hand rid a bye bye bye boy
Wet up they hood, shoot they streets on both sides boy
'Cause we the Hot B lighters
Ridin' at nighters in two red Vipers

They didn't expect two snipers bussin' gas like this
Puttin' they clique in a blender with Ks and max like this
Full of that danger in all black like this
Hot Boys and Three Six klick-klack like this, what?
Soze Lord 'cause the weak competitors come on a regular
Intruders face these barracudas hundred wicked predators
Double barrel bust that warned them
Now they surely scared of us
Seriously we party stay out the streets or face the territory

Cowards of the hour sickened by my tower flower power
Shower and devour face the boom boom boom power
Tear Da Club Up Thugs kickin' it with the Hot Boys
'Cause our weapons weigh a ton and we came to bring the noise
I'll wet ya block for anything me and my Hot Boy clique
Quick to dress in all black, leave ya body in a ditch
Them turnt the hot boy, 'bout it since my younger days
Been pullin' triggers, been runnin' through the hallways

Play it raw, and I spark at anytime
Any place any where with my mag 9
I got an army of killers with automatic gats
Untamed gorillas, Craig, Ron, and Randy
Hot Boys and Three 6 them cliqued up on that
Start beef it's a must, we freeze it up o'er there
Strangle the trigger, and you a killer now who did it?
One of you bought the sound but y'all too scary to admit it

Rearview mirror messed up so I can't see when they coming
Yesterday I got spooked out and I drew down on a woman
I told the lady, "Look I'm sorry Miss I know I was wrong
But you came so close to me you made me thought it was on"
That's why my partners is gone, they didn't see the evil approaching
And a hater got 'em if it was me I would've smoked him
They stop all the snortin' 'cause they couldn't catch no drain
Now all them jokers stickin' syringe in they veins

They get pampers and tampons on the ground by the dumpster
Wrapped up in a garbage bad they found a innocent youngster
I'm an all around hustler get paid in many ways
Knew a Dre to get played, had a connection with Yae
Once before I went in a house and killed four
Kill it, wall it for thirty whole that he kept under the floor
Now I'm with the Tear Da Club Thugs pushin' them birds
And I'ma continue, all rappers hittin' the 3rd

It's the juice comin' up out the dark from apart
North Memphis figures always hard and we start
Weak ass cowards, playa haters, we ain't no traitors
Bustin' hustlers and some G's chasers about that paper
Pass that green if you a friend of me
You see Big Triece kill a fifth of Hennesey
And get bucked wild in the club, that's how we be
All you gang figures throw them thangs and show them teeth
It's on

Haters be sizin' playas ridin', I'll sign on playas
But I'll die for a few playas
Suga Slim, Manny, and my Hot Boy Clique
Never forget my B.G 'cause I know he'll steal a hater for me quick
But today I'm with Three 6 and I'm showin' love
Where these Tennessee broads drink milk 'til they see blood
Wearin' my black glove, in case I gotta bust a - head, cuz

And we ridin' Bentleys on dubs, TV's with VC's is a must
Automatic strap plus, got my soldiers on my feet no matter what
Juve got four and B.G got ten, while my thirty-two golds playboy we all in
Turk got the red beam team, double R Rolls Royce showin' love
Went to Miami and bought a Lamborghini on dubs
We bought and then ridin' buttons to show these hoes we worth somethin'
And my baby momma, she solid but she playin' games
She told me she was takin' pills but she pregnant again
This my third time and it's all gravy baby

And my children gonna be straight
If I'm bling, deaf, or crazy baby
Playboy won't you tell me how you love that
It's all gray, the water, uptown hard hitters
And these Memphis players, tearin' clubs up

Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin'? Playa
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin', boy?
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin'? Playa
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin', boy?
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin'? Playa
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin', boy?
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin'? Playa
Playa why you hatin? Playa why you hatin', boy?

Re-doin' my grill, from diamonds to pear shapes
And clubs isn't all this, yeah boy
Y'all know how we do it
Wearin' two Rolex's, flosses and huntin', bought it...